So, I just learned that this AWS thing is actually a web development tool.

It focuses on billing (sending out invoices) and business-centric concepts

i would be looking at around 8-20 hours of study time.

Now, pearson actually administers exams for this. Here are some details about it:
  Cost = $100
  Duration = 90 min
  65 questions
  70 % passing grade
  Valid for 3 years
  
Exam guide - content outline:
  Cloud Concepts      28%
  Security            24%
  Technology          26%
  Billing and Pricing 12%
  
  Cloud Concepts:
  1.1 Define the AWS Cloud and its value proposition (how does AWS make the company's product seem more valuable)
  1.2 Identify aspects of AWS Cloud economics
  1.3 List the different Cloud architecture design principles.
  
  Security:
  2.1 Define the AWS shared responsibility model
  2.2 Define AWS Cloud secruity and compliance concepts
  2.3 Identify AWS access management capabilities
  2.4 Identify resources for security support
  
  Technology:
  3.1 Define methods of deploying and operating in the AWS Cloud
  3.2 Define the AWS global infrastructure
  3.3 identify the core AWS services
  3.4 identify resources of technology support
  
  Biling and Pricing
  4.1 Compare and contrast the various pricing models for AWS
  4.2 Recognize the various account structures in relation to AWS billing and pricing
  4.3 Identify resources available for billing and support.

Breaking it down.
  
  1.1 Define the AWS Cloud and its value proposition (how does AWS make the company's product seem more valuable)
  - What is cloud computing? 
    Cloud computing the practice of using a network of remote servers hosted on the internet to store, manage, 
    and process data rather than a local server or a personal computer.
    Instead of on-premise data storage, you would be using cloud providers
    - So, in laymens terms, on-premises are like how you see in those movies where it's just rows and rows of servers that store all the important data of that entire entity.
      then cloud providers are that but wireless and on the internet.
  - Value proposition
    1. you trade capital expense for variable expense
    - instead of going through all the hassle of paying for data centers, cloud providers only charge you every time you consume computing services.
    2. benefit from massive economies of scale - you share the cost with other customers using the cloud provider to save a lot of money
    3. stop guessing capacity - eliminate guesswork about infrastructure capacity needs - you can scale up/down 
    4. increase speed and agility
    5. stop spending money on running and maintaining data centers
    5. going global with your product in minutes - lower latency, better experience for customers
    
  1.2 Identify aspects of AWS Cloud economics
  - Types of cloud computing
    SaaS - Software as a Service (for customers)
    
    PaaS - Platform as a Service (for developers)
    
    IaaS - Infrastructure as a Service (for admin)
    
    "don't worry about IT staff, data centers and hardware"
    
  - What is cloud computing?
  
  3.2 Define the AWS global infrastructure
  
 - What is a region?
  a geographically distinct location that has multiple datacenters or availability zones (AZ's)
  
  Each region has 2 availability zones
  
  Largest AWS region is US-EAST
    
